no
commit yourself for this evening no no not
I should have it because I am magnificent then
leads to the concert in Naples look at ho
got more tickets in the front row
but still I offer my peace
gift for you so tonight the 8 chi
may we take that we go together with
concert
and two minutes that are always the same
what's this
the normal
quiet now change
I saw a visa what went alone
eighth above but you do n't understand
I had real freedom, no even if it goes
well anyway strong earrings that
the beautiful seat arrives
and unbelievable incredible what he has
committed only sincere triplets that
they have been up front for nine and a half years
so that indicates that he liked a little
well it was a new experience
interesting and never witnessed
where the legends first but what a messapia
for ass how it is possible that you used to
14 years and never made me feel one
something like that
well there will be a reason no, oh well
enough with you I don't want to have any more
nothing to do serves per person
insensitive and dreary continues with the
your crazy and frantic good music
guys the video is over i hope you
both liked and I hope the intentions of
this video is not misrepresented is a
video a kind of video parody
comedian take it as such not like
attacks also say against one
person on youtube happens a lot
that you read aggressive comments and
very bad towards the person
that you don't know and can't
absolutely know only through
a video so please don't
these things happen
always when one makes video parody
so take the rash the two fairies
laughter and go make love
Hi guys